The Emperor is so happy
But what good things happened?
I have a crush on a palace maid
What position do you think she should be given?
This palace maid can be favored by the emperor
It's a blessing she cultivated
As usual
The palace maid entering the seal can only be a promise
It's too wronged for her to agree
Let's seal a noble person, oops.
This, this palace maid was actually named a noble
There is no precedent for this harem
This emperor can't do it
The harem is my harem
I say yes.
Declare to go
Where is this going?
Cold Palace
Just go to the servant for such a thing as the emperor
Hey
I want to see her face of surprise
The emperor has never been so interested in any woman
Who is this little star?
It looks like it's poisoned
Here's what I'm doing.
Well, you little star is going around the palace seducing men
That's the kind of person she is
I should have thought of her long ago
Hey, hey, the emperor, ah ah ah ah ah
Pass my will
Shen Xingyao, the criminal concubine of the cold palace, is grounded
Her maid, Xiao Xingzi, was sent to the Xin Zhe Library as a slave